# INST-326-Final-Group-6
## Introduction ##
Jeopardy. One of the most influential and well known games of our generation. Everyone knows the classic tune which plays during Final Jeopardy. A game which tests the skills of some of the brightest and most educated people. The show has gone on for over 30 seasons. Our group wanted to build this project because we felt that it would be an interactive and impressive project that could be used in a variety of ways. 
## Designing ##
We we originally unsure of what type of project that we wanted to pursue. We considered several different ideas before deciding on a Jeopardy game. We chose this idea because we knew how versatile it was. First, we considered using an existing database. We found a JSON file with 200k questions but thought that was too large. We then decided to make our own questions. We thought 5 categories with 5 questions per category would be great. We wanted to include a counter so the user could see how much money they are making. We decided not to include negative scoring. We also included a daily double mechanic which randomly chooses a question to be the daily double.
## Choosing the Questions ## 
We wanted to include a wide variety of topics. Thus, that is why we chose our respective categories. These categories are Sports, Politics, Pop Culture, Technology, and Food. We chose these topics because we belive that they are relevant, interesting, and not too difficult to answer. We steered away from categories like Literature and History for that very reason. We chose questions which we believe were appropriately challenging. Questions we selected are all relatively recent. 
## Programming ##
Several of us worked on programming this project. This began as a rather large project with about 500 lines of code which was then edited down to be more streamlined and flexible for future usage and changes. This process took a significant period of time but we are very happy with the current result. We programmed different parts and different aspects of the project. All of us also looked over the code to make sure that it was working, easy to understand, and annotated. 
## Conclusion ##
We really enjoyed working on this project. Making a working Jeopardy game with interesting and diverse topics was awesome. We believe that this is a very impressive and educational project. We were able to hone in on our programming skills as well as practice designing a fully functional game. 
